feat: add PubSub provider removal doc (#3571)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/pubsub/fragments/js/getting-started.md

```

You can integrate any MQTT Over WebSocket provider with your app. Click [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/protocols.html#mqtt-ws) to learn more about MQTT Over WebSocket.

> ## Removing a Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to reconfigure PubSub provider during runtime
```

While this is technically accurate, the customer use case is likely as highlighted below in your text.

Author: Thanks, @renebrandel! Definitely agree with you on this.

Author: nit: Perhaps we can update this to: `How to reconfigure PubSub providers during runtime`?

> The `removePluggable(providerName: string)` function allows you to remove a PubSub provider by supplying the name of the provider.
> 
> This is useful for: working with multiple concurrent PubSub providers, reconfiguring PubSub providers when changing authentication states, and changing the IoT connection region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to reconfigure your PubSub provider when working with multiple concurrent PubSub providers, reconfiguring authentication states, or changing the IoT connection region. To reconfigure, the PubSub provider, remove the existing provider using `removePluggable` and add an updated PubSub provider using `addPluggable`.

The `removePluggable(providerName: string)` function allows you to remove a PubSub provider by supplying the name of the provider.
```

Author: I'll commit this and update - would like to remove the comma after "reconfigure".

```javascript
import Amplify, { PubSub } from 'aws-amplify';
import { AWSIoTProvider } from '@aws-amplify/pubsub';

const pubsub = new PubSub({});

// Apply plugin with configuration
pubsub.addPluggable(new AWSIoTProvider({
  aws_pubsub_region: '<YOUR-IOT-REGION>',
  aws_pubsub_endpoint: 'wss://xxxxxxxxxxxxx.iot.<YOUR-IOT-REGION>.amazonaws.com/mqtt',
}));

// Apply second plugin with configuration
pubsub.addPluggable(new MqttOverWSProvider({
    aws_pubsub_endpoint: 'wss://iot.eclipse.org:443/mqtt',
}));

> // Remove second plugin

Reviewer: This example only shows how to remove, which is nice but not the core use case highlighted in the section above. I'd recommend doing an example that shows something is being reconfigured.

Author: Agree with you on this, I'll make that update now :)
